# C-UnderwaterVLC

This is an extension and in effect a rewrite of the underwatervlc repository hosted by
Dr. Ashwin Ashok. Primary reasoning for writing this is to maximise performance in a non
realtime operating system much like Jetpack.

## Guide to the code

The code is split into individual folders to make code managing simpler and compiling more modular without
using overly complex CMake projects.

* Analysis Tool - Ingests video files in the form of *.avi and prompts the user for an ROI then calculates the 
scalar mean of RGB values over that region. If passed a full dataset, the tool also uses the ground truth videos
to deduce 1s and 0s in the videos. For more information, refer to [this](analysis_tool/README.md)

* Arduino Receiver - An Arduino sketch written as a CMake project. This is only a program that reads an analogue pin
and sends data back to a host system over the serial port. For more information, refer to [this](arduino_receiver/README.md)

* BER Tool - Ingests a pair of CSV files that were generated by the Analysis Tool, compares them with each other to find
the bit error rate of the transmitter-receiver dataset. It returns the Bit Error Rate in the form of a decimal representing
the number of bits that were lost during the transmission. For more information, refer to [this](ber_tool/README.md)

* Julia - Files I personally use for testing hypothesis, for doing interactive testing and data analysis like getting 
the RGB Pixel Intensity of any given pixel. Each individual file is written as a Pluto.jl notebook and is written in 
the Julia Language. For more information, open individual files in Pluto.jl (each file is self-explanatory)

* Receiver - Behaves as a serial port reader. This is the host counterpart to the Arduino Receiver sketch.
It reads the serial port at a Baud Rate of 115200 bps. For more information, refer to [this](receiver/README.md)

* SVO Export - Ingests an SVO file and exports the video to a generic video format (avi). It requires the OpenCV library
and the ZED SDK on the host system to open the SVO file and export into either video or a sequence of pngs and depth images.
For more information, refer to [this](svo_export/README.md)

* Transmitter - Takes control of a GPIO pin using the linux kernel character GPIO library. It's built for Edge devices
with the libgpiod library installed. 

* Zed Record -
